mysqlbinlog: add page (#9154)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/mysqlbinlog.md

# mysqlbinlog

> Utility for processing MySQL binary log files.
> More information: <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/mysqlbinlog.html>.

> - Show the contents of the binary log file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show events from a specific binary log file:
```

`mysqlbinlog {{path/to/binlog}}`

> - Show binary log of a specific database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show entries from a binary log for a specific database:
```

`mysqlbinlog --database {{database_name}} {{path/to/binlog}}`

> - Show binary log in a range:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show binary log for a specific range:
```
Would this be better, your version is fine too.

> - Show binary log for a specific range:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show events from a binary log between specific dates:
```

`mysqlbinlog --start-datetime='{{2022-01-01 01:00:00}}' --stop-datetime='{{2022-02-01 01:00:00}}' {{path/to/binlog}}`

> - Show binary log by using position:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show events from a binary log between specific positions:
```

`mysqlbinlog --start-position={{100}} --stop-position={{200}} {{path/to/binlog}}`

> - Show binary log from the MySQL server on the given host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show binary log from a MySQL server on the given host:
```

> `mysqlbinlog --host={{host_name}} {{path/to/binlog}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mysqlbinlog --host={{hostname}} {{path/to/binlog}}`
```
